Journal Competition and the Sustainability of Peer Review: An Agent-Based Model

UCL MEng Computer Science degree dissertation project.

This repo consists of 3 elements:
- PeerReviewModel = folder that contains the code of our model
- Jupyter Notebooks = folder that contains 3 Jupyter Notebooks which you can use to explore the results obtained by our model
- script.sh = shell script used to submit jobs on UCL clusters.


HOW TO SUBMIT JOBS ON UCL CLUSTERS

We mentioned in the main report that each experiment consisted of 100 simulations. The simulations were run on UCL Computer Clusters, more specifically the Myriad cluster. We are now going to show how our model can be uploaded and ran on the cluster, and then how the result can be retrieved.
 
Before starting, make sure you have access to the UCL computer clusters. We recommend the Myriad cluster for the jobs, but any other cluster might work fine as well. More information on how to get access for the clusters can be found on the official page: https://www.rc.ucl.ac.uk/
 
Set-up:
 
Before anything, make sure to be connected to a UCL-owned wifi network.
 
For logging in on the cluster, use the following terminal command: ssh YOURUCLID@myriad.rc.ucl.ac.uk
 
 
For the first time when you log in into the cluster, use the following commands to make some new folders that will be used to save the results.
mkdir Scratch
cd Scratch
mkdir tmpdir && mkdir output && mkdir batch
 
On your computer, make sure to have cloned our project from this repo.
 
You need to transfer the folder that contains the model (PeerReviewModel) and the script file (script.sh) on the cluster. Use the following command to transfer these:
 
scp -r PeerReviewModel YOURUSERID@myriad.rc.ucl.ac.uk:/home/YOURUSERID
 
scp -r script.sh YOURUSERID@myriad.rc.ucl.ac.uk:/home/YOURUSERID/batch
 
Back on the clusters, navigate to the batch folder and start 100 jobs. Each job will run one simulation. To do that, use the following command:
 
for run in {1..100}; do qsub script.sh; done

 
Once the jobs have been submitted, you can see their state using the qstat command. 
 
After all the jobs are finished, we can retrieve the results. To do that, from your computer, run the following command on the terminal:
 
scp -r YOURUSERID@myriad.rc.ucl.ac.uk:/home/YOURUCLID/Scratch/batch /path/to/your/folder/batch
 
All the results are wrapped up in tar.gz files. We will extract them using the following commands:
 
cd batch
for file in *.tar.gz; do tar -zxf "$file"; done
rm *.tar.gz;
 
Now, all data generated by each simulation can be found in its corresponding folder and will be imported in Jupuyter Notebook for the data analysis.
 
 
Before running any other jobs on the cluster, make sure to clean your output and batch folder. To do that, start from the Scratch folder:
 

rm -rf batch && mkdir batch 
rm -rf output && mkdir output
 
 
 
 
 

